---
layout: post
title: Hello There
excerpt_separator:  <!--more-->
---
No one is ever really alone. But there are times you find yourself buried in your pillows wanting to cry out loud but give out muffled cries so that you wake no one else up. Wanting to scream on the top of your lungs. Wanting to give up everything in life. The times where you are at at weakest and your deepest lows. Those are times you would never want anyone to know cause. The times you feel *hollow*.

It's a feeling you can't explain to anyone. Everything just seems as a temporary existence at that point. You question life. Your existence. Things seem blurry. Not able to see, not knowing what to do or proceed with. You will think things will never go back to normal, but take it from me, it will. :') 

I admit that it will be hard, painful and frustrating. *Everything has an end. It does have a new beginning too.* Everyone has heard about the phrase, *Time heals everything* but, according to me, *YOU HEAL YOU.* Yes, time plays a supporting role, but *You* play the leading role.  

Have you ever felt sad? For no apparent reason? This empty feeling that starts to crawls inside you bringing every bad nightmare that haunt you and you regret everything you have done? That's the worst kind of sadness, where you can smile and laugh through the day and at the end of the day, you are left alone in the night with your thoughts. And that thoughts make you forget how to feel. 

No matter how much time has passed, there will be forever be a unfillable emptiness inside our heart that will never go away. But as time passes by we will learn to let go and live with it.

Dont pretend. Just prevail. 

