```
---
layout: post
title: !MAKEUP 101
excerpt_separator:  <!--more-->
---
```

There are hell lot of makeup products out there and I knew nothing about it. So, I went to one place I could learn about it. 

Youtube. 

What I have learnt watching in these 19,875 videos, I will elaborate.

Firstly the *Concealer*, Use that and hide your flaws. A pimple? A wart? A zit ? Hide it all away. Next up, *Highlighter*, Bling up your face like a diamond. Swipe it up your cheekbones and your nose bridge and feel shiny like the sun. 

The next one is one of a task, the *Foundation* , it makes you look evenly tanned. Perfectly useful for people in Chennai.

Don't have a prominent jawline? Do *Contouring*, and get in line to become the next Angelina Jolie. 

Next, for the lips: Lipstick liner, something to draw the outline before filling it with any color. In simple words, using crayons in a coloring book. Exactly just like that. Only difference, A coloring book is merely 100 bucks, a lip liner is as *cheap* as 650 bucks. For the colors, the famous *Lipstick* ,hundreds of shades and yet I can't find the right shade for my skin tone. 

Exact scenario, 

**Cosmetic Store**: Picks up the lipstick named *Exotic raspberry tinted mocha flavored lip tint*. 

**Me**: *Its just red. Anyway, I think it suits me.*

**Saleswoman**: *Yes Ma'am, it looks great on you.*

**  Pays 1500 bucks and walk out.  **

Home: *WHAT THE HELL DID I BUY? I LOOK LIKE A VAMPIRE.*

Next is a *Lipgloss*, same family as Lipsticks, but just more shiny and smooth. 

DIY lipgloss : Vaseline + Lipstick = 98 % Lipgloss. 

All hail the Eyeliner, mastering the art of winging it is a talent. Screw it up on one eyelid, the other is automatically screwed. Then regret, redo and repeat.

I still can't wrap my mind about the concept of fake eyelashes. Cashing out 300 bucks to have something to be stuck on your eye? And it provides no purpose? Some of them look really long that it looks the eyelashes need to get a haircut. 

End it all with a setting spray, to make all the makeup to stay right where they should be. 

Until. You walk out into the open and wait for the sun to do its part and you start to melt. 

For many, makeup gives self confidence and boots their self esteem. It's an art one can master and bring out beautiful looks. But calculating the average prices of all these makeup products, looks like I won't be being a beauty guru any time soon. ;-;





















